- Previously on the affair...
- Mom got another call
from her realtor.
- So?
- It was a very high offer.
- We're not selling the ranch.
The ranch has been in the family
for seven generations.
- So oscar had a relationship
with the victim.
- They were friends.
- Do you remember being worried
at the time?
- No, but I should've been.
- Ran into oscar
waiting for the mechanic.
- I keep telling the town
they got to do something
About those potholes
out in ditch plains.
- Ditch plains?
- Thanks for stopping by, man.
- Hey, I was just--
all right, man, come on!
- Hey!
- Whoa!
- Just leave now, please.
- I thought
we were friends, man.
- What were you doing
in ditch plains this morning?
- I was wondering
if you still need a hand.
- Why don't you spend a couple
more hours here with us today?
If it's all right
with your folks.
- Yeah, great, thanks.
- All right, first lesson--
take those into the barn.
- Want some company?
- Not really.
- I'm gonna go find a pool boy
that lets me shower with him.
- Mr. Solloway, do you know
a place called the end?
- No, what is it?
- So you've never been?
- Never.
- ♪ I was screaming
into the canyon ♪
♪ at the moment of my death
♪ the echo I created
♪ outlasted my last breath
♪ my voice,
it made an avalanche ♪
♪ and buried a man
I never knew ♪
♪ and when he died
♪ his widowed bride
met your daddy ♪
♪ and they made you
♪ I have only one thing to do
♪ and that's be the wave
that I am ♪
♪ and then sink
back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
♪ and that's be the wave
that I am ♪
♪ and then sink
back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
♪ and that's be the wave
that I am ♪
♪ and then sink
back into the ocean ♪
♪ sink back into the ocean
♪ sink back into the o
♪ sink back
into the ocean ♪
♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Okay, I'll get another one.
- Sam, over here!
- Hello, handsome.
- Hey, max.
What's up, man?
- Yeah.
Come on, I got a table.
- Yeah, good, good.
Just hop in
for one second.
One second.
- What?
- Just real quick, real quick.
- What are you doing?
- I'll tell you, I'll tell you.
Just one second.
Hey, just, uh--let's pull
down here.
Hey, noah,
can you spot me $40?
I'm short.
- Sure.
- Thanks.
- Here you go.
Seriously?
- [sniffing]
- Not in here, bro.
- Just got to try it.
All right. You?
- No, thanks.
- Let's go.
[sniffing]
- come on, man.
- Thanks.
Remind me to thank your wife
for this, will you?
- Why?
- Because it's lovely.
And it was kind of her
to let you come out and play.
- She doesn't keep me
in a cage, max.
I occasionally get to make
my own decisions sometimes,
You know?
Besides, I haven't been out.
I've been writing.
- Writing?
Yeah, how's the book coming?
- Great.
- Good.
- It's pouring out of me,
actually.
For once, I feel like I'm
in touch with something real.
You don't care.
- No, I don't care.
- You didn't even read
my first book.
- Hey, listen, I love you,
And I read
the dedication.
- What?
To helen?
- To helen.
Helen butler.
Good god.
College was a long
fucking time ago, huh?
- 25 years.
- Don't say that out loud.
How did you ever bag that
beautiful piece of princess?
- Bigger mystery's
how you managed to bag val.
- [chuckles]
- Sorry, man.
- Nah.
- How you doing
without her?
- Let me tell you
something, solloway,
My separation from val
is possibly the greatest thing
That's ever happened to me...
Well, you know,
besides my kids...
Probably.
- Um, hey, guys.
Do you mind if I sit here?
- Sure.
- Not at all.
- I'm meeting friends here,
but they haven't shown up yet.
- Well, listen,
we'll be your friends.
I'm max.
- Hi, max.
- Hi.
This is noah.
Well, it's nice
to meet you both.
I'm alison.
- Well, alison, you probably
noticed my friend here
Is slightly more handsome
than I am,
But I am considerably
less married.
- I may have noticed that.
Oh, hey, can I get
some champagne, please?
- When I give the sign,
fall back.
- You got moet?
Thank you.
- You're hilarious.
Just believe me--
this is not working.
- Stop.
- Let me use your phone
for a minute.
Give it to me.
These texts are great.
- No way.
I got to go home.
- You don't have to go home.
- I do have to go home.
- Hey, I'm gonna go
to this party.
Just come with me.
- No.
- Hey!
- I love you, I love you.
- Look, guess what.
I'm gonna go get that girl.
- What girl?
- The girl
with that dress.
- She's gone.
- No, she's not.
- How do you know she's gone?
- When did you see her last?
- Noah, you're being ridiculous.
Okay, you know what?
Let's go.
Hey, hey!
- No, no.
I love you.
Go home, go home.
- Bastard.
I love you too.
I'll call you...
In, like, a year.
Careful now.
- Yes.
Yes?
[earth, wind & fire's September]
♪
- ♪ do you remember
♪ 21st night
of September? ♪
♪ love was changing
the minds of pretenders ♪
♪ while chasing
the clouds away ♪
♪ our hearts were ringing
♪ in the key
that our souls were singing ♪
♪ as we danced
in the night ♪
♪ remember
♪ how the stars
stole the night away ♪
♪ ah, ah, ah-ah
♪ ba, de, ya,
say, do you remember? ♪
- You know,
sometimes I worry
You're just
a really great dream.
- Well, don't wake up now.
- So I was thinking
about next week.
Next week, I'm gonna have to go
back to the city.
- I don't want to talk
about next week.
- Maybe...
Once everything's
settled down back home,
I could take some time off
And apply for a couple
of artist residencies--
You know, the places
where they give you a cabin
For a little while,
And I could come out here
for a few weeks,
Maybe a month...
Finish my novel,
Be with you every night.
- So I'd be your mistress.
- I hate that word.
- Well, what would you prefer?
- Concubine.
- Wait a second.
Are you leaving already?
- [sighs] cole's getting back
this morning.
I told you that.
- Oh, I must've missed
that somehow.
You and he still...
- What?
- Nothing.
Never mind.
- Behaving like married people?
- Forget it.
It's none
of my business.
Where's your dress?
- In my bag.
- You brought a change
of clothes?
- Of course I did.
I can't go home
smelling like you.
- Well, that's what
the shower was for.
- Well, you should change, too,
before you go home.
- And fuck my wife.
Sorry.
At least
let me drive you.
All those drunks
still on the road...
- Find me later.
[door opens, closes]
- Where the hell
is she going?
- Hey.
[tires screech]
- What the hell, man?
- How's max?
- What?
- Your best friend--
how is he?
- Oh, yeah, he's, um...
He's, uh...
Max is...
Max is a disaster.
- Hmm.
Noah.
Noah, honey.
- Oh, jesus christ, helen.
What?
- Noah, wake up.
Come on.
- What?
- We can't find martin.
- Great.
No, just tell him
his mother
Would prefer it
if he left a note next time.
Yeah.
You too.
He is at the ranch.
Biked over there early.
Mystery solved.
- So he just went by himself?
- I didn't take him.
- Well, what was he thinking?
- He's 14, helen.
He probably wasn't.
Daughter...
Question...
If you wanted to get
some cocaine around here,
How would you do it?
- What?
I don't do coke.
Why are you even asking?
- It's for my book.
I need to know
how someone in montauk
Would score some drugs.
- [laughs]
"score some drugs."
wow.
- Come one, help me out.
You must hear things.
- I have not
and never will have cause
To answer that question, dad.
- I'm taking the kids
to lunch.
I was checking to see
if you wanted to come.
- Where you going?
- I don't know.
Lobster roll probably.
- Um, no, thanks.
I'm gonna work.
- Okay.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
Whitney wants her phone back.
- No.
- Her therapist says it's okay.
- Then definitely not.
- She wants us
to go in there with her.
- Where, to therapy?
Do we have to?
- I don't think
it's such a bad idea for us.
- "for us"?
- Yeah, you've been
kind of distant lately.
- I'm sorry, helen.
It's just--it's just this book.
- And you don't want
to fuck me anymore.
- Of course I do.
Is that what this
is about?
Come here.
- I feel old.
Do I look old?
- No, you look incredible.
I look old.
- I'm still a great lay, right?
- Are you kidding?
You're the best lay.
- [chuckles]
[sniffles]
so why aren't we having sex?
- Because we--we got four kids.
We're--we're staying
with your parents.
- Let's do it tonight.
- Tonight?
- Yeah.
I'll have my parents
take the kids out to dinner,
And we can stay home, okay?
- I'd love that.
- Deal?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
I'm gonna buy a candle.
- Okay, but not sage.
- I like sage.
- I know you like sage,
but you're allergic.
- Just a little bit.
- Yeah, then you should color
your lobster blue.
- They aren't blue.
They're red!
Mom, tell him
he's wrong!
- I'm not wrong.
I'm more advanced!
- Hey, guys, stop.
You keep fighting,
I'll take away the crayons.
- Hey, solloways.
Both: Uncle max!
- I didn't know you
invited max.
- Yeah, is that a problem?
- No.
- Helen the felon.
- Hello.
- Come here.
- Mom, dad is right there.
- Whitney, come on.
- Sorry.
You missed a hell of a party
last night, by the way.
- Yes, I heard.
Noah didn't get home
until after 5:00.
- 5:00?
Damn, solloway.
Keeping the party up
without me?
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Welcome back,
my favorite family.
Can I get you guys
something to drink?
- Yes, I don't know
about these little hooligans,
But me and that old man
Are gonna have a couple
bloody marys, please.
- No, no, I can't.
- No, go ahead, do it.
I'll drive.
- May I have a bloody mary?
- When I'm dead.
- I want to drink blood.
Blah!
- Stop. Leave her alone.
- Isn't that what's-her-name
from last night?
She was all over me.
What is her name, again?
- Alison.
I'm good with names.
- Hmm.
- You know what?
I think I'm gonna ask
madam alison
On a rendezvous avec moi.
- Oh, come on, max,
you can do better than that.
- Hey, helen, I'm not trying
to drive her off the lot.
I'm just hoping for a little
spin around the neighborhood.
- She's taken.
- What?
- She's married, you idiot.
- She is?
- She told me last night.
- Huh.
She wasn't acting
very married.
- Maybe she's
in an open relationship.
- Whitney.
- What?
Grandma said when she was young
and grandpa was in vietnam--
- Whitney, shh!
Stop talking right now.
- Mommy, I need to go
to the bathroom.
- Why don't you let
daddy take you?
Daddy?
- Sure, come on.
- I'm gonna go too.
Lock the door, okay?
[knock at door]
Done already?
- Shh.
- [mouthing words]
- [chuckles]
[knock at door]
- Daddy, I'm done.
- Hey, you ready
to go back?
Let's go, come on.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I...
[crying]
God, I...
I started talking
about val and the boys
And just, um...
Turned into sad max, huh?
- It's okay.
- No, it's not.
- Thanks, angel.
Thank you.
You know, kids, um,
your parents
Have been keeping
a very big secret from you.
- What kind of secret?
- Is it okay if I tell 'em?
Your parents are, uh...
Your parents are aliens.
- Really?
- They are?
- I'm sorry to tell you that,
but they're aliens,
And they come from a planet
on the edge of the universe,
Where the sky is green
And, um...
[laughs]
Marriages work.
- Thanks.
Lunch was great.
- I'm glad
it was up to your standards.
- Listen, man, I'm sorry about
what happened at the butlers'.
You just caught us
at a lousy time, you know?
- Max wants to take us
all mini-golfing.
- What, now?
- Why not?
- Well, I wanted to do some work
this afternoon.
- Yeah, I figured.
I told him
you wouldn't be interested,
So we're gonna
take the minivan,
And you can take his car.
- Okay, if that's
what you want to do.
- Mm-hmm.
See you later.
- Hey, man,
what are you doing right now?
You want to get that drink?
I'd still like to pick
your brains about the town,
Hear some stories.
- All right, sure.
She's cute, isn't she?
- Oh, um--
- I used to bang her.
- Yeah?
- It's true,
back in high school--
Popped her cherry.
[sighs] so tell me
about this book you're writing.
- Um...
It's a romance of sorts.
- Romance?
Not my genre of choice,
but okay.
- Well, it's
a crime story too.
- Now we're talking.
So who's screwing who?
- Well, the guy is a--
he's a broker from the city,
And the woman is a--
- Oh, fuck me.
- Hey, oscar,
mr. Solloway.
What a surprise.
I didn't know you two were pals.
- Oscar's helping me
with a book I'm writing.
- You sure do have a knack
for making new friends.
Hey, do you mind
if we talk for a minute?
- I would love to,
but as you can see,
I'm already engaged
in a conversation.
- You owe me money, hodges.
- Yeah.
You owe me a permit,
asshole.
- Okay.
- Hey.
Hey, hey.
Scotty.
What the fuck
are you doing, man?
Excuse me.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Hey!
Excuse me, dora.
Go, go!
Yeah, I'd like to report
some suspicious activity.
Blue water
taxi dispatch.
Yeah. No, just, uh,
there's some shady characters
Heading over there
from the fishing docks
At some strange hours.
Yeah, drugs most likely
coming off the fishing boats.
Yeah, that's exactly
what I'm thinking.
It's a plague
on our community, sir.
Bye.
Another round?
- No, thank you.
- You sure?
- What was all that about?
- Fucking dealers, man.
- Who?
- The lockharts.
They own that ranch
out towards the lighthouse.
It's a front.
They're as dirty as dirt.
Their great-grandfather
ran a bootleg operation.
It's fucking hereditary.
Put that in your book.
Use their names.
- Hey.
Can I speak to you
for a second?
- Yeah.
What are you doing here?
Anyone could see us.
- Who are you?
- What?
- You been dealing drugs?
- Excuse me?
- I saw you bike
to the docks this morning.
I saw you pick up the cooler
and drop it off at the taxi.
- What, you were
following me?
You need to go.
- Just tell me it's not true.
Just tell me I'm crazy,
and I'll leave.
I'll pretend
we never had this conversation.
- You're crazy.
- Oscar called the police.
- How do you know?
- Because I was there.
I saw him do it.
- What'd he say?
- Oh, what does it matter--
- tell me what he said.
- You're a drug dealer?
- I hate that word.
- I trusted you.
I put my whole life
into your hands.
- Noah, you're tired.
Go home.
I'll call you later.
Cole!
- Yeah?
- Oscar told the police.
We have to go now.
Right now!
- Got it!
Hey, we got to go!
Oscar narked us out.
- I'll meet you
back here, okay?
Back here.
- Dad?
What are you doing here?
- Get a lot
of writing done today?
- Come here.
Come here.
- What's wrong?
- Come here.
- What's the matter?
What?
What are you doing?
Everybody's home.
- Fuck that.
Let them hear it.
Oh, god,
you smell so good.
- I missed you.
- I really missed you.
[both moan]
- [sighs]
[urine splashing]
Really?
- Too soon?
- Noah?
- Gotcha!
- Ah!
[both laugh]
- Gotcha.
Were you worried?
- No.
- Did I scare you?
- Oh, shit, I have to go.
- What, you got somewhere
to be at 10 to 5:00?
- Yeah.
Will?
Hey.
Where's will?
Who's that?
Caleb, who is that?
- No idea.
- Really?
- Victoria, maybe?
Vanessa?
- You fucked her?
- Of course not, no.
I'm married.
Relax, relax, relax.
She's comatose.
- You know, uh,
will wasn't there this morning.
- What do you mean?
- On the boat.
There was someone new.
- It's will's boat.
- I know, but I'm telling you,
he wasn't on it.
- Oh.
That's weird.
- Yeah, it is.
[horse neighs]
What's her name?
- Elizabeth taylor.
- Oh, yeah,
I see the resemblance.
- You know, I've been
married long enough to know
It's not the greatest idea
in the world
To compare your wife
to a horse,
But she does remind me
of you.
- Really?
- Yeah, absolutely.
She's majestic,
she's stubborn,
And she likes apples.
[clicking tongue]
come on.
- Come on, let's show the lady
to her room.
Ready for occupancy,
my lady.
[horse neighs]
- Martin.
Martin.
- Ah, shit.
I just wanted to help
with the new horse, I swear.
Please don't tell
my parents.
- Martin, I got
to ask you something,
And it's important, so I need
you to be straight with me.
Have you had breakfast yet?
- You want some eggs?
- Yes, please.
- Better eat up--we're gonna
put you to work today.
- You can take my work,
little man.
- More?
- Yeah.
- Would you like
some more juice, sweetie?
- Yeah.
- Martin, my man.
- Oh, hey, buddy.
- Hi.
- Now, martin, it is wonderful
to have you here this morning,
But may I ask where your parents
think you are right now?
- Like they care.
- What?
- That was a joke.
Um, I left them a note.
- Good.
Your dad, noah,
seems like an interesting guy.
- What's he do?
- He's a teacher.
He's pretty lame.
- Well, why is it lame
to be a teacher?
- I don't know.
It's just--
it's not like what you guys do.
- I was a teacher
when I was young.
- World's greatest teacher ever.
- Thank you. First grade.
- Sorry.
- That's all right.
- Maybe he's not lame
because he's a teacher.
Maybe he's just lame
because he's your dad.
- Maybe.
- And speaking of teaching,
You will never guess
who I ran into.
That little redhead
who was in your class
The year that dad died,
that had a crush on hal.
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
Mrs. Solloway?
Yes, martin's here.
He's fine.
No, we just had breakfast.
No, the boys wanted him early
to help with a new mare.
I'm...
I'm sorry
to concern you.
You're very welcome.
You too.
Good-bye.
- Is everything all right?
- Yeah.
Fine.
It was martin's mom.
She didn't have a clue
he was here.
She didn't even ask
to speak to him.
She was barely even worried.
- She called, alison.
- Her son slept here
last night,
And she's only
just noticed he's gone?
- She has four children.
- Yeah, well, so what?
- So she might have a bit
on her mind.
- No, she doesn't.
She's rich.
[horse neighs]
[both speaking indistinctly]
- All right, then.
Got it?
- Yeah.
- You're riding a horse.
- [chuckles]
- You look good up there.
- Oh, my god.
[chuckles]
What are you doing?
- I followed you
this morning.
- What?
- After you left
the hotel.
- Why?
- You left so quickly,
I thought you might be hiding
something from me.
It turns out I was right.
What was in that cooler?
You want to tell me
What the fuck you think
you were doing?
- No.
- No?
I trusted you.
- Sorry.
- You should be fucking sorry.
- Don't yell at me.
- You deal fucking coke?
Do you know how stupid that is?
- Yes.
- Do you know what happens
to you if you get caught?
- Yes.
- Then what the hell
are you doing?
- [scoffs]
you wouldn't understand.
- Try to explain it to me.
- Well, I can't.
- Try to explain to me
how knowing what can happen--
- I don't fucking care
what happens to me.
Don't you get it?
I don't fucking care if I live
or die or go to jail or space.
I don't give a sh--
- You are going to jail
eventually.
You must know that.
- We don't have a choice.
The ranch
doesn't sustain itself.
- So sell it!
- We can't.
- Of course you can.
- No.
- Do you think me being here
with you is by accident?
This is a choice.
You should have told me.
- Sorry.
- Why didn't you?
- I just didn't think
it mattered.
- My son is there
every fucking day.
Are they doing coke around him?
- No, of course not.
We don't do it ourselves.
We don't bring it to the ranch.
We don't sell to kids, ever.
We have rules.
- Oh, how principled of you.
- Well, if you want to go,
just--just go.
- Yeah, I will.
First, there's something else
I've got to tell you.
[horse neighs]
- Cole?
Cole.
- Give me a minute.
- You saw oscar
call the police?
You actually saw him?
- Yes, I told you, yes.
- Because I didn't see you
when I came by.
- I was in the back.
- Hey, scotty, you got the keys?
- Yep.
- All right, let's wrap it up.
- Cole, we need to dump this
shit, throw it in the ocean.
- Why don't you go back
to the ranch?
Find someplace on the edge
of the property--
Someplace discreet.
Make sure nobody's watching.
Dig a hole.
I'll bring the chest.
You take hal.
- I'm telling you, man--
If you bury this shit,
someone's gonna find it.
- Hal, please.
Shut the fuck up, okay?
- Look, I'll drive you.
- No, I'll go by myself.
If I'm gonna get caught
with half a key of coke,
I'd rather be alone.
You stay here with caleb.
It's safer.
When the cops show,
just act like you're working
At a taxi dispatch.
- [sighs]
[knock at door]
- Hey, there.
- [chuckles]
[door closes]
- [snorting, spits]
- Oh, you dropped
something.
- What are you doing here?
- You fucking narc.
- Narc.
My man,
I'm an average j-o-e
Looking to score
some d-r-u-gs.
- You called the cops.
- Uh, don't know
what you're talking about.
- You have exactly
six seconds to leave,
Or I'm gonna tear
your fucking head off!
- Caleb!
Caleb!
- Caleb, take it easy!
- Fuck this motherfucker!
- No, someone's been spreading
some rumors about me, man.
I didn't call anyone!
- Fuck you, dude!
She heard you!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Really?
- What, you didn't call--
- fascinating, no.
- Get the fuck off her.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, okay.
I might have given the
impression on calling the cops.
Sometimes I like to pick up
the phone,
Practice what I would say
to them if you ever--
- Who the fuck do you think
you're fucking with?
- It hasn't happened yet!
Hasn't happened yet, huh?
- Look, go to cole.
Tell him
it was all bullshit, okay?
- What? Huh?
- You heard what he's saying.
He's making
the whole thing up.
- He's lying!
- Yeah, what would I have
to gain from that, huh?
You've clearly moved
the stash, right?
- What the fuck
do you know?
- The cops showed up now,
they'd find nothing,
And I'd be
a fucking asshole.
Come on, get out of here.
- Let me deal with this, okay?
Go, go.
- All this time,
I thought you were in mourning.
If you wanted to fuck someone,
bailey, you could've fucked me.
You didn't have to be some
married yuppie's summer slut.
- Get away from--
- ah!
- Get the fuck out of here.
- Come on.
- Get the fuck out of here!
Now!
- All right, all right,
I'm going.
- Sh--
Shit. Fuck!
- Why do you always act
like such a fucking pussy?
- Fuck you.
- I don't like how this
went down much either, cole.
- If all it's gonna take to get
oscar off our ass is the permit
For that fucking bowling alley,
then so be it.
We go down to the town council
tomorrow morning,
We rescind our position,
and it's done.
So far as I'm concerned,
we're back in business.
- Thank god, common sense
finally fucking prevails.
- What's gonna stop this guy
from pulling this shit again?
What if he actually
calls the cops?
- Hal, you need to fucking
lower your voice
And calm the fuck down.
- And you need to get that
finger out of my fucking face.
- Hal?
Hal!
[sighs]
I thought you went home.
- This needs to stop.
- Ali, look,
he was just fucking with you
Because he has
some twisted thing for you,
And you fell for it
Because you're a little
too trusting sometimes,
But we're okay, all right?
We still got eyes and ears
at the precinct--we're fine.
- If it's not oscar,
it's gonna be someone else...
- Ali, please.
- Some banker from the city
who gets busted for possession.
- Cole, we're not done
with this.
- Not now.
- Look, if the police
offer a guy like that a deal,
What stops him
from turning us in?
- What do you want me to do?
We're 100k in the hole
right now.
How am I gonna make
that money
If I don't sell the rest
of that shit?
- Sell the ranch.
- What?
- Sell it.
Let's be honest, cole.
We're miserable here.
- It's not just about us.
Our entire family
depends upon this ranch.
Where are they supposed to go?
- They can go anywhere
they want.
Think about it.
We could start new lives.
We could...
We could finally move on.
- We could move on
from what?
Say it.
I want to hear you say it.
We could move on
from what?
- Cole, please don't.
- There is no moving on.
- Cole.
- Not now.
- Cole!
- What?
Hey, buddy,
what are you still doing here?
- Tell him.
- The mare's gone.
- What?
- I opened up the stable.
The horse ran away.
- God damn it!
[glass shatters]
You come with me.
- [sighs]
- Martin.
I'll drive you home.
So why'd you do it?
- Do you ever do things and...
You don't know why?
- Yeah, sometimes I...
[sighs] I don't know
why I do anything.
- Thank you.
- Come on, go inside.
- Hi.
Um...
I-I thought
about what you said before,
And...
I'm sorry.
I don't want that life
anymore.
I want to start over...
With you.
- Yeah, I've been thinking
about it, too, and...
After today,
I'd have to be insane
to keep this going.
We're leaving at the end
of next week anyway, so...
Let's just end it now.
[door opens]
[door closes]